---
layout: default
title:  "Reflections in Dallas"
author: Abhibandu Kafle
date:   2020-12-07 18:29:40 -0500
tags: uncategorized
category: uncategorized
---
Barala

Dallas, TX

This afternoon, I walked aimlessly, trying to understand the meaning of 'Barala', to introspect in another language. It started with external observations.

I was astounded by the sight of ducks effortlessly gliding in the water and then suddenly taking flight as I approached. They could fly quite high, it seemed.

Always when the rustling in the bushes behind me quickened my steps, today, I stopped and turned back – a butterfly was dancing, its colors changing to a deeper red.

The butterfly and ducks reminded me – of all the things I've spent my life running from in fear, those sweet colors and remarkable flights I missed.

I had fruits in my bag. The first time I stopped to eat, a sudden realization struck – not of the fruits, but of the years I had forgotten to ask my hunger. Sitting down, I felt an itch of curiosity in my mind influencing my desire to eat. Within two minutes, I started taking pictures, of the lake in front of me. Nothing special, not even a particular fondness, just years of forgetting to ask my memory – 'Is this scene truly memorable?'

Today, I attempted to challenge every initial thought – 'Is this genuinely what I want? Or just a trick to ease the mind's restlessness?'

And then, I slowed down amidst these questions. Because there was nowhere I needed to be. An answer was emerging from within – 'For this moment, I am Barala, just Barala.'
